Red Cross: $6 Million Meant to Fight Ebola Was Stolen Through Fraud - There was "likely collusion" with Red Cross employees & bank employees
I used to donate to the Red Cross until I decided to actually volunteer my time to Red Cross. They are the biggest bunch of slack jaw fuck ups I have ever met in my life. 

So here is how it went down. I lived in Texas at the time, this was in the mid 2000s. This was after Katrina devastation and I had wanted to volunteer then but didn't so when the grassfires wiped out a good portion of Rising Star I went down to Red Cross to sign up to volunteer. 

I fill out the paperwork, I show that I'm already CPR certified and I sign up to go to Rising Star with the batch of folks they're sending out. These 2 girls that I was introduced to were serious bottom feeders. They just reeked of shadiness. One of them followed this one guy around, middle age gentleman, volunteer fire department, like a bitch in heat. It was disturbing. 

I shook it off and figured once we got to Rising Star, surely these women would be more professional. Nope. The whole way there they're regaling me with stories about hooking up with the EMS staff, how the one guy she followed around was her lover but SHHHH! His wife doesn't know! How he was going to leave his wife for her (I should tell you, this chick had no teeth, though she did enjoy showing off her dentures. She was skeezy crack whore looking with stringy blonde pigtails. She was probably late 20's early 30's). She already had 2 kids at home. Home being her parent's house. 

It was all I could do not to call my husband to come and get me right then. But we were already halfway there and it was a 2-hour drive. So, we get to Rising Star and we're led into this church where the volunteers are setting up. Church ladies are cooking a ton of food, men are setting up makeshift beds and shelves for the donations. I jump in and start helping sort the donations, getting things on shelves. The other 2 girls skip off to chat with the EMS guys. They pretty much disappear the rest of the evening. The only time I see them is when they come looking for me to see if I want to "have some fun" in this back room of the church with the EMS guys. I politely decline, reminding them I'm married. Happily Married. 

So I help out where I can that evening, consoling victims who lost their homes, getting warm food and drink to whoever needed it, mainly trying to be helpful where ever I can. The church folk are irate that the EMS and other redcross folks are MIA, they didn't know that they were in a backroom pretty much having an orgy inside a church. 

There was one family I spoke with and spent a good deal of time with that night. They'd barely made it out of the inferno. Their car's paint was peeled almost completely off from the heat of the flames as they escaped. They had a special needs daughter. She might have been early 20's. She was having a hard time understanding why they couldn't go home. She wanted her house shoes. Their house was a complete loss to the fire. All night she kept asking about her house shoes. I checked, there were no house shoes donated. 

The next morning, I catch the girls taking things from the donations. I point out that those things were for the fire victims and they laugh. They tell me how no one cares and they always take a few things home with them. 

Totally fucking disenchanted with the Red Cross by this time. I ride back with these people. I don't think I said more than 2 words to them the whole way back. 

After a short nap, I had my husband go with me to pick up a few pairs of house shoes. We then made the drive back to Rising Star to give these house shoes to the family with the special needs girl. It wasn't much and really it's drop in the bucket but she needed her house shoes. 

TLDR: Seriously don't donate to the Red Cross. Skeezy fucked up place. Don't believe me? 





