Measles vaccine doesn’t cause autism, says a decade-long study of half a million people
I'm pretty certain that's Robert Kennedy Jr. in the suit... Is he an antivax?e correlation between MMR and autism. 

And whether you are pro or anti vaccine, you should listen to the man himself rather than through shoddy journalism. Everyone deserves that, at the very least. 



Also, as a side note, if you would care to compare USA and Denmark vaccine schedule, it does not match. People who are worried about autism aren't worried about MMR alone, and in USA we have not done the safety studies. A safety study being one person gets a vaccine, one person gets saline, and one person does not. And now we follow them for 10 years. We follow them at best a few months, and even the 'placebo' group is given either more or less of a different vaccine. So no real safety study, but we are forced to give these to our children. This study isn't unvaccinated vs vaccinated. It's a group who got all vaccines minus MMR and a group who got all including MMR. It shows an up take in autism in the MMR group... But it's apparently not statistically significant. Just do a real study all ready and we can end it all! Everything can be dispelled if we do a long term look at a large group of unvaccinated, vaccinated, and partially vaccinated. There's all ready a lot of people who don't vaccinate and won't who would happily be a part of that study. 

I will rant now, but has anyone heard the saying, the ends do not justify the means? Do you know how many aborted fetuses were dissected to develop vaccines? Mentally handicapped forcefully tested on, orphans, children taken from their mothers in prison, and colonial ruled Africans forcefully tested on? For what? Measles is a mild disease... Rubella is a mild disease... There is a database you can download whole medical journals spanning over the course of hundreds of years. Once you get to the time where we figured out throwing our crap in the street is bad and washing our hands is good, people stopped dying. 1 in 10'000 death for msealses. The most compromised that needed help, do you know how doctors treated them? They suppressed the bodies natural defense systems. Drugs to stop cough, fever, and sedatives. Now we know simple infusions of vit a and c are the easiest cure for those compromised enough to need help. Polio? Check out the CDC page. 73 percent won't even recognize they have it by the time they've passed it. Some people have flu. The weakest have disability. Then the weakest of the weak die. Do you know how doctors treated them? Don't let them move and stick them in a dark room. Do you know what they actually needed? Physical therapy. Check out Sister Kenny's book And They Shall Walk. She rehabilitated nearly all her polio patients that doctors had given up on because she knew they needed to move, not be locked away. So sorry if I do not think the poorest and most unfortunate souls needed to be forcefully tested on because "they do not contribute to society" in order to save 1 in 10,000 people. In fact, for a very short while, encephalitis was down after the vaccine. But then it returned to normal. Do you think it was anything to do with nature being intelligent? We know for at least 2000 documented years we have been living along side diseases like measles. There are studies that show people who had the natural diseases have lower all cause mortality than those who did not. Are you SO confident in what you know that by messing with someone humans have evolved to be exposed to, that you aren't hindering something inside our bodies that thrive off of the exposure? We already know children who come from homes of constant sanitation and low exposure that never get sick have higher incidents of leukemia, because their bodies never got to do what they evolved to do. Are you as confident as those doctors who did not believe washing their hands with antibacterial soap between the morgue and child birth would help prevent diseases like tetanus? You are confident because you lack the information as so can use faith to say well yes or no this and that. Since the MMR vaccine we have no true herd immunity and our babies are more at risk. Mothers and fathers exposed as children are no longer immune for life and cannot protect their children. Vaccines don't always take and most of the time don't stick for long. I had the full schedule and when I found out I was pregnant in my early 20s I had my titers tested and I had no immunity to anything even though I had all boosters as a child. Also came out recently the early pertussis vaccine will make all who had it more susceptible to whooping cough multiple times throughout their life. Oops. Billions paid out to vaccine injury, mostly due to flu shot. My mother's best friend was a nurse, very healthy, who died within 48 hours of her mandatory flu shot. If mmr says right in the insert that it can cause brain inflammation and we see that many autistic children's brain pathology indicate having suffered from encephalitis, how are one and one not possibly the same?

I don't know I just see people think without vaccines we'd all be dead but they don't seem to actually know anything about the diseases we vaccinate for, how doctors used to treat them, and what the actual death rates were in the decades before the vaccines were being given. We tested and hurt innocent people and we've all be withdrawn from these diseases long enough that we compare them to ebola... Soon our children will be terrified of chicken pox because they won't know any better. We don't even fully understand genetics and epigenetics only recently took off but we know that vaccines are changing our gene expression. I think people put too much trust which is really weird. When vaccine court was put into place HHS was supposed to report to Energy and Commerce every two years on how they were trying to make vaccines safer. They never did. You aren't all going to have a mass extinction from measles mumps rubella polio but we probably will from ruining our gene pool, over medicating and over eating. Can force vaccinate but it's A OK to feed all the children pizza and chicken nuggets in school, and then we wonder why so much of US healthcare is used for obesity related disease. Hundreds of thousands die from obesity every year but we are supposed to accept every shape and just tolerate it even though it affects everyone by damaging our gene pool and costing us tax dollars and encouraging bad health nation wide. That's a real national emergency.