Ajit Pai claims net neutrality hurt small ISPs, but data says otherwise.
He doesn't know what he is talking about.

Honestly, I'm all for compromise. Delay the vote, invite experts, and make rules that benefit all.

Put everyone at the table, all the small ISP's, all the big ISP's, Google, Amazon, Facebook, and let it all out.

I'm gonna play a little Devil's Advocate right here. As silly as it is that we have things called regulatory captures, those were the rules that people have been playing by for decades.

Again, playing Devil's Advocate: everyone is doing it, so nobody feels like they can't do it. 

Just delay the vote, and invite all the experts, and everyone can talk. Big ISP's should have a voice, but they shouldn't have the only voice. 

The problem we have isn't necessarily corruption. Corruption has always existed. The problem is we swing back and forth wildly from the two sides of the political spectrum.

Just delay the vote, and invite everyone to speak their minds on it.

I personally fall into the trap of hyperbole all the time, but right now everyone feels like they have to scream and shout. I don't think these guys are bad people, it's just they only have the business side knowledge. Being patently and brutally honest, Pai and Verizon are business logic guys. They need to bring the technology logic guys to the table, and they need to work this out.

Just delay the vote, and address all of the issues. Even if it doesn't change anyone's mind, at least it is a democratic process.

The problem is we aren't doing the democratic process.

If they all sit together at the table, and the spend months hashing things out, and their minds aren't changed then, then that's ok.

I really dislike how we see consistently from Conservatives in our country a need to repeal ALL regulations.

It's so stupid. There are certain regulations we need. Adam Smith, the guy who wrote the book on Capitalism, said so himself.

Maybe you don't repeal all of the Net Neutrality rules, but only part of it, and keep others. (I'm not saying that's the solution, but they have to do some sort of compromise.)

Part of the problem we have is our winner take all mentality. 

Remember, it's not whether you win or lose, it's how you play the game.

edit: Also, these guys have been getting death threats. We are drawing divisions around each other we don't need to have. Whether or not we disagree feverishly with their ideology, death threats are never ok. The bottom line is, both sides need to take a step back, take a deep breathe, and everyone needs to sit down and say, this is what the internet is, and this is what the Net Neutrality is all about. Alternatively, ISP's could just take the go ahead and say, "We won't throttle speeds, and we won't censor certain things." Should we trust them, I don't know. But what I do know is this is so very important, and if the process is messed up, then things will end up bad.

Look, Pai is not a bad guy. He's just a lawyer. In my opinion, we just have way to many lawyers. I honestly seriously believe they think what they are saying, in which case it will benefit all to just sit together at the same table, and talk it out. I think the best way to do this, is to order a bunch of Apple Pie, some Ice Cream, and a bunch of wine, and just sit back, relax, and do it tipsy. Not drunk, just slightly tipsy, and remember we are all Americans and we are in this together. (Don't actually do that, though, I'm trying to lighten the mood.)

I mean seriously, what I think they should do, is just delay the vote until early next year, go home, spend time with family and friends, and enjoy the Holidays. Just slow things down.